Working 
1 . Last year work as a L1 support and done 21 User story

2. This year completed 84 user story which is recorded in my handover alag se bhi kich hogi jo devops main hogi

3. Start main completely L1 support diya aayushi ko or abhi bhi kai job failure main karta hu.

4. Night shift main bhi clint ko i handling individually fir chahe FSU team se lauren ya tamera ho ya reporting solution team se manoj sindhuja ho. So jo last year issue tha mujhe communication main back support ki jarurat thi wo ab mujhse jarurat nhi padte. And I'm continuously working on my communications

5. Sir sabse badi baat night me Arohi ko sambhal leta hu wohi bada achivement hai.

5. This year there are 3-4 things jo maine expectations se upar jaa kar deliver ki hai.
And here is a point main jinki baat kar rha hu..eshe kisi or developer ne pick karne se sidhe mana kiya tha.

  a. There was a replicate user story where i check whole script and db queries and convert the db connection to main server to replicate server.

  b. Second user story . In that userstoy jha pe clint means laurn and fsu team manually data extract karte the db se use maine completely Automation main convert kiya and they are use this automation in daily basis .in that story we have 90+ query jinme se first phase main maine 16 queries ko analysis kar ke 3 SP main convert kiya and using macro code excel main automate kiyah.

 C. Or recently completed summary lock hundle job jha ek complely error handling script bany that was my idea to give aaorhi.

6. You may ask BA team and Aarohi. Enhe sql main koi bhi kaam hota h they always prefer to reach me. Im not talking about lead, but comparing myself here against other junior Dec on front of technical.

7. On the dedication for company jab tak day shift main rha hu sir i was going office daily as per the register


Now these my work sir 
And also i want to know you I had few mistakes in starting of night shift.
Like starting main 
communication ka issue hua
Kuch user story main maine quality or work pe bhi mistake ki
And also some point main maine owner ship ka bhi issue aya hai.
And you know sir maine apne mistakes and seniors ke feed back ko note down bhi karta hu or unpe kaam bhi kar rha hu ..so main aone mistakes se bhi sikh rha hu ..


And now sir please you guide me how to be enhance my skill and my work on this year.

And the whole point is 
You know mehagai kese h and for working motivation money important hai sir ..ache pay out ho to motivation bna rheta h .
Also i want to know one thing. Sir i am a full stack developer main apko apna work dikhao ga to aap khud bolege ki main yha kya kar rha hu..
And i also proof my self under this project 
Abhi hackathon hua tha nico main or maine sir ek web site design ki the in one night jispe nico or Xceedance dono side se appreciation mila.
So some personal condition and some reasons ki wajha se main Xceedance chorna nhi chahta. 
And 3.7 years ka experience main i want salary correction not only appraisal. Kindly do something and please last two year ke tarhe i dont want fake promises 
Please sir clear kijiye ga and if management ready to talk on number the ok or mujhe clearly bata dijiye ga so i have to check my growth options. 
